we are gonna cut open the dragon fruit
day right mm-hmm
okay so what do you think of the dragon
fruit that's ugly it looks ugly here
guys haven't seen the dragon for it
there's the dragon fruit okay what do
you think it's gonna look like when we
cut it open what do you think that
inside don't look like I look like I
don't look I think it looks I think
it'll look like a ball that looks really
tasty
okay what color I think it's orangish
pinkish rice okay did you say it's good
well thank her so we cut it up you ready
was like dirt just look like dirt yeah
okay
only one spoon so you guys have to try
it okay that's right raising yeah I
haven't tried to see there's a so we'll
see what you think
what does it taste like see see what
does it taste like it's no bad it smells
pretty good in the taste is good taste
is good yeah got try it it's their trip
you have to try it circuits good it's
pretty good sweet tastes good it tastes
very interesting I like it
good okay eat it
are you packing around no are you gonna
it do you like it what do you think
thumbs up or thumbs down you like it
thumbs up you don't like it thumbs down
like you're kind of like are you kind of
thumbs sideways
yeah sideways is not okay I'm like no